# superSnake
introcs1 final
This model will be a modified version of the classic game Snake. 
As you may know, Snake is a game where a “snake” moves around the world and eats food pellets in order to grow. 
The snake can only move in the four cardinal directions, and if the snake manages to hit itself, it “dies.” We plan to modify this game by adding a multiplayer option, where there can be up to three snakes at one time. These snakes would be controlled by three sets of keys on the keyboard, and the main objective of the game is to either “kill” the other snakes by trapping them or making them touch your snake. We plan to add other modes to the game, such as a “bomb” mode, where turtles can eat and drop off bombs which can go off and kill other snakes. 
	There will be three types of functions that we will use, the ones that control the movements and life cycles for the snake, the ones that control the environment (food pellets, etc.), and the ones that control the different game modes (bombs, # of snakes, etc.). Two main functions, called “setup” and “go” will set up the world of Snake and start the game. These two functions will also incorporate the other functions through modular design. 
We have ideas for four functions for the life cycle of a snake. The first function will be called “snake-setup,” which will spawn snakes randomly(?) throughout the world, and set their respective snake variables. The second function will be “snake-move,” which will control how the snakes move throughout the world. This function will most likely utilize modular design, for left, right, up, and down controls. The third function will be “snake-die,” as it will detect if a snake has touched itself or another snake and that kill that snake. The last function will be “snake-eat,” which will manage snake-eating.
For the functions that will control and modify the environment of the snakes, there will be two. One is “world-setup” which will setup the world, clearing the world of food pellets and snakes, and resetting patch and turtle variables. The second function is “food-spawn,” which will spawn food for the snakes to eat. 
Finally, we have ideas for functions for a game mode. These functions will be called “bombs-setup,” “bomb-eat,” and “bomb-explode.” Some unactivated bombs (2-3) are randomly distributed throughout the world, where snakes can eat them. The snakes then leave a bomb at the end of their tail, and the bomb will explode after a certain amount of time, killing other nearby snakes. 
Overall, this project is using the classic game Snake and putting an interesting twist to it in order to make it more fun. 
